oh when matter and Kagawa oh we're
matter and shinji kagawa Angie Torito
hey everyone its mystifying PhD here
with another video little match reaction
to the Manchester night vs. Newcastle
game it's just finished a 4 to the zero
at st. James's Park in the Barclays
Premier League now what do I have to say
about the performance today excellent in
the second half we were oh yes oh yes we
were fantastic first half Newcastle sort
of settled into the game quicker than us
they would they would lend decent still
weren't really causing us any problems
we weren't already causing too many
problems but then we certainly settled
into the game we started scoring free
when matter was absolutely quality today
you know score to kohls got an assist
very influential Shinji Kagawa was
fantastic as well get himself a cyst
good influential pagan link up play with
like some matter and she churrito who
got himself a gold at the end gotten
some of gold as well and Adnan Jenna's I
who came on for the injured Ashley Young
got yourself a goal at the end took him
a while resetting of the game showing
good good bits of bird is genius but you
know his final ball was a little bit
waited until the end of the game when
he's got to go soffer please do you have
now jela's like what a prospect that
nany's I thought chicharito is great to
see him playing well great to see him
starting again great to seem scoring
he's a good player a shame doesn't get
to play so many games he's one of my
favorite players he seems like such a
nice folks got his head screwed on I
think he knows what it means to play for
Manchester United and I think he's that
type of only gone soldier hablo we
should just try and keep around and try
to get into the team as much as possible
because he is going to score your goals
let's gonna school your goals lads and
lasses so yeah I thought Newcastle were
pretty poor in the second half to be
faithful there okay first off second
half they're pretty poor they didn't
look really 22 up for it and certainly
as the gold started rolling in their
fight and the heads just dropped and
that was basically that was basically it
of what Maryland Fellaini again today
was didn't play very well mara when he
still just don't think he's a good man
Manchester United I mean what is he what
is he some sort of Jackson 5 10 people
something it looks like a he looks like
a newborn baby deer I've said this
already but it's true look out there we
see sometimes I'm running around like a
absolutely headless chicken I'm just
thinking 27 million pounds i think i'd
rather have 27 million headless chickens
instead you know least that'll feed me
for my whole freakin life but anyway no
fair play maybe needs time first season
like Manchester night at first season's
can somehow sometimes not work out but
usually that's when the players are
coming in from abroad and they don't all
us what it's like to be in the Premier
League but Marouane Fellaini does like
that but it's just not been a season had
a bit of injury and stuff giving the
benefit that they'll hopefully you can
you know be a useful squad player I
always think you will be useful squad
player for us I just don't think he's
you know first team 11 standard quality
top quality Manchester night by up you
know that's just my personal opinion and
27 million pounds i think it's a heck of
load of money to pay for squad bear pay
for the squad player but there you go
but the performance today was excellent
Moyes he got his tactics spot on to be
fair Newcastle just weren't in the game
pod you still banned from the touchline
so you know at least nobody got
head-butted today which was good but it
doesn't really mean anything just means
it Newcastle would probably you know
really aren't gonna catch us in the
league now so the lowest weren't gonna
finish as a probably seven but will
probably finish I reckon we're going to
finish about fifth with a strong end of
the season you know the momentum gained
from the pion wind draw rather and the
momentum gained from this win and if we
can get some sort of a result against
Bayern Munich midweek then anything is
possible for the end of the season we
could go on all on beat and run and you
know get up to 56 place I think it's a I
think that's we're going to fish I think
we're going to finish fifth this season
I think we're going to just talk more
having a Daymare to be bare their
marring we can catch them up and we
probably went me to catch 45 i'll
definitely won't be other really so yeah
what did you think of the game this is
mr. Flying Pig HD here thank you very
much for watching please give this video
a like I'm freaking happy that we
managed to beat those Jordi's there was
a lot of them tweeting me and writing
messages on the videos or now I've got a
few Geordie followers I appreciate it
lads unlucky today but also haha
to all those duties who said we're going
to do this bubble over you this season
well unfortunately for you you did and I
think you'll find out we won on freakin
area as well so have some of that but
this is mr. playing big each do you hear
please like subscribe comment follow me
on twitter mr phone pic HD that they
really work and are of wha